Add guide for installing the needed tools (#2)
Kotlin-for-FRC/kotlin-for-frc.github.io: docs/getting-started/installation/intellij.md

# IntelliJ IDEA
Rather than VS Code, when developing with Kotlin the reccomended IDE is IntelliJ. IntelliJ offers much better autocomplete and syntax highlighting when using Kotlin and Java together (which we always are, as WPILib's JVM portion is written in Java)

There are two versions of IntelliJ, "Community" and "Ultimate". The "Community" version is free, and is therefore the most easily accessible option, but if you already are paying for IntelliJ Ultimate (or are using JetBrains' student license to get it for free), this is perfectly fine and it will not be any different from the the "Community" edition. JetBrains has a good article on the installation process which can be found [HERE](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/installation-guide.html), just make sure you download IntelliJ Community if you're not intending on paying to use it.

> Once you've got IntelliJ set up, you can move on to the next section of this page, which is about setting it up for FRC specifically.

Reviewer: If they have finished the instructions above, the next logical step is to continue reading, so this sentence is unnecessary.

> # Installing the FRC plugin for IntelliJ
> To get tools like the right build tasks, class templates, and project templates in IntelliJ you need the FRC plugin. To install this you need to open IntelliJ, and navigate to `File > Settings > Plugins` and then click on the "Marketplace" tab. You're going to want to search "FRC" and download the plugin by Mark Vedder (also shows as Javaru for some people).
> 
> ![Plugin Page](plugins.png)
> 
> Once you've installed it you'll now be able to create a robot project yourself buy going to `File > New > Project` and selecting "FRC Robot Project". You'll be prompted to select things like your chosen template, language, and WPILib version, all of that is extremely similar to how you do it with the WPILib VS Code plugin, and you can find information on how to use that [HERE](https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/vscode-overview/creating-robot-program.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# FRC plugin for IntelliJ
Some of the features provided by the WPILib VSCode Plugin are provided via plugin as well for IntelliJ. The plugin can be installed automatically via the plugin dialog: `File > Settings > Plugins`. Search for `FRC` in the Marketplace. The _FRC_ plugin provides features such as
- class templates
- project creation wizard
- RIOLog viewer

![Plugin Page](plugins.png)

## Creating a new FRC Project
Open the project creation dialog by selecting `File > New > Project`. In the `Generators` section, choose `FRC Robot Project`. Configuring your robot project using the FRC plugin is similar to the WPILib VSCode Plugin. Refer to [the documentation](https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/vscode-overview/creating-robot-program.html) for details on configuration options. 
```

# IntelliJ IDEA

> Rather than VS Code, when developing with Kotlin the reccomended IDE is IntelliJ. IntelliJ offers much better autocomplete and syntax highlighting when using Kotlin and Java together (which we always are, as WPILib's JVM portion is written in Java)

Reviewer: recommended is misspelled

There are two versions of IntelliJ, "Community" and "Ultimate". The "Community" version is free, and is therefore the most easily accessible option, but if you already are paying for IntelliJ Ultimate (or are using JetBrains' student license to get it for free), this is perfectly fine and it will not be any different from the the "Community" edition. JetBrains has a good article on the installation process which can be found [HERE](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/installation-guide.html), just make sure you download IntelliJ Community if you're not intending on paying to use it.

Once you've got IntelliJ set up, you can move on to the next section of this page, which is about setting it up for FRC specifically.

# FRC plugin for IntelliJ
Some of the features provided by the WPILib VSCode Plugin are provided via plugin as well for IntelliJ. The plugin can be installed automatically via the plugin dialog: `File > Settings > Plugins`. Search for `FRC` in the Marketplace. The _FRC_ plugin provides features such as
- class templates
- project creation wizard
- RIOLog viewer

![Plugin Page](plugins.png)

## Creating a new FRC Project

> Open the project creation dialog by selecting `File > New > Project`. In the `Generators` section, choose `FRC Robot Project`. Configuring your robot project using the FRC plugin is similar to the WPILib VSCode Plugin. Refer to [the documentation](https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/vscode-overview/creating-robot-program.html) for details on configuration options. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the project creation dialog by selecting `File > New > Project`. In the `Generators` section, choose `FRC Robot Project`. Configuring your robot project using the FRC plugin is similar to the WPILib VSCode Plugin. Refer to [the WPILib documentation](https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/vscode-overview/creating-robot-program.html) for details on configuration options. 
```

# IntelliJ IDEA

> Rather than VS Code, when developing with kotlin the reccomended IDE is IntelliJ. IntelliJ offers much better autocomplete and syntax highlighting when using Kotlin and Java together (which we always are, as WPILib is Java)

Reviewer: recommended

Kotlin should _probably_ be capitalized everywhere?

> (which we always are, as WPILib is Java)

I think this is a weird way of saying 'the JVM portion of WPILib is written in Java'. You could probably leave out this tidbit.

> You'll want to download the latest version of the "Community" edition, this is the free version. Installing this is pretty standard, but if you have any issues there are tons of resources online for it.

Reviewer: I think we should also try avoiding saying 'you'll want'. Just another tone thing. 

It might be better to just explain: There are two versions of IntelliJ IDEA, Ultimate and Community. Community is free to download, but if you already have access to Ultimate, you can use that for FRC development too.

> Installing this is pretty standard

Again, let's avoid assuming prior knowledge. Link to install guides or add screenshots

> Once you've got IntelliJ set up, you can move on to the next section, which is about setting it up for FRC.

Reviewer: Link to the next section?
